Update size.md (#1634)
platformsh/platformsh-docs: docs/src/configuration/app/size.md

Note that in a development environment this value is ignored.  Service containers are always set to size `S` in development environments.  The application container is always set to the "Development Application Size" as configured on the plan.  That defaults to `S` but you can increase it on your plan settings page for a fee.

## How to modify my Platform.sh project plan and its resources

> 1. [Login to your account](https://accounts.platform.sh/user) to view the accessible projects.
> For the projects that you are the Account Owner for, you will see three vertical dots. 
> Click those dots to pull up a drop-down menu and select edit to modify that project’s configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [Login to your account](https://accounts.platform.sh/user) to view the accessible projects.  For the projects that you are the Account Owner for, you will see three vertical dots.  Click those dots to pull up a drop-down menu and select edit to modify that project’s configuration.
```

2. Update the plan's settings according to you needs

> From there you'll be able to update several settings such as the:
> - plan size
> - number of environments
> - Environments application size
> - storage sizing
> - number of Users

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From there you'll be able to update several settings such as the:

* plan size
* number of environments
* development environments application size
* storage sizing
```

The pricing will be displayed and updated according to the changes.

> If you did some changes that you wish to apply, click the Update Plan button on the bottom of the page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you made a change that you wish to apply, click the Update Plan button on the bottom of the page.
```
